Focus in story telling
and thiking as an user


Designer focused on building brands and creating digital experiences.
Fascinated by technology, branding, and innovation and the impact that design has on each one.



Lisa - www.lisasuefischer.com
Shabi - www.shabnamkashani.com
Dane - danegalbraith.com
Nicolas - www.nicolaspellegrino.com
Josh - joshglucas.com
Kartik - www.kartikrao.in
Kaiwei - kaiwei.design
Anqi - www.anqiwan.com
Carson - www.carsonyoung.ca
Tongfang - www.tongfangsun.xyz
Penny - pennybanks.com


How does the portfolio establish the designer’s personal brand? (What type of first impression do each of these three designers make?) As a designer, your personal brand is how your personality, unique skills, and values intersect with your public persona. Your brand is the first impression you make! A personal brand should clearly demonstrate who you are as a designer and what makes you interesting. 
Is the navigation simple and intuitive? The navigation is the way users get from page to page on a website. Users should be able to reach the homepage from any part of your site. And your navigation should lead them from one project to the next. It should also be easy for users to navigate to a contact page that includes an email address, a copy of a resume, and links to other professional social media accounts.
Does the portfolio website go beyond the template? Although a website builder’s pre-designed layouts make it easy to get started, you need to go a step further. Portfolio designers can customize their websites to align with their brand and the story they want to tell. For example, designers should remove the text that comes pre-loaded in the template, and replace it with their own content. It's also helpful to register their own domain name, so their website’s address doesn’t contain the name of the website builder.
Does the portfolio website include a diversity of projects? Each portfolio should have 3-6 projects that demonstrate the designer’s skills. Note whether each portfolio contains a diversity of projects.
Is the site housing the portfolio responsive? Responsive means the on-screen appearance of the website adjusts based on the user’s device. So whether someone engages with the website on a desktop computer or mobile phone, they will have a positive experience. 



https://careerfoundry.com/en/blog/ux-design/ux-portfolio-examples-inspiration/

meaningful introduction.
bit of personality into the visual design

Showcase your process, not just the finished product. Write about the methods you used, what you learned along the way, the challenges you came up against, and how you solved certain problems. Each case study should tell a complete, logical story.

nice:
 little bitesized notes and reflections down the right-hand side. 

Unsolicited redesign à la Priyanka Gupta.
“Despite using the app religiously, I had trouble navigating through it. After observing that other people also experienced issues with the app, I pursued this redesign as an opportunity to improve the experience in any way I could.”
What follows is a detailed breakdown of every step she took to redesign the app, from brand analysis and user research, right through to persona creation, prototyping, and implementation—not forgetting those all-important visual artifacts that are absolutely crucial to UX storytelling!

For each case study in your UX portfolio, provide as much context as you can. 


MOST IMPORTANT : SHOW PROCESS 
scketches and wireframes
mood boards
style guide
    - logo
    - colors
    - typography
    - layouts
    - common ui elements
    - imagery
user flows

show:

The problem
Who you worked with
What tools you used
Discovery phases (how did you go about solving the problem)
The process you used to overcome the problem: lo-hi wireframes, prototypes, sketches, personas, user journeys, and research
The final outcome (both of your work, and what happened after it was handed over, e.g. to a UI designer or developer!)

Wix, Squarespace, and Webflow.